build: added NINJA env to customize ninja binary (#44293)
nodejs/node: doc/contributing/building-node-with-ninja.md

./configure --ninja --debug && make
```

## Customizing `ninja` path

> On some systems (RHEL7 and below), `ninja` is not offered in the yum package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On some systems (such as RHEL7 and below), the Ninja binary might be installed
with a different name.
```

./configure --ninja --debug && make
```

## Customizing `ninja` path

On some systems (such as RHEL7 and below), the Ninja binary might be installed

> with a different name.
> For these systems use the `NINJA` env var:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with a different name. For these systems use the `NINJA` env var:
```

Just a nit. I missed it before, sorry.
